			 SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

To compile Quarry you need the following libraries:

* GTK+ 2.0 or later (http://gtk.org/download/)

* librsvg 2.5 or later (http://ftp.gnome.org/pub/gnome/sources/librsvg/)

Note that you need both the libraries, and the header include files,
which often come in a separate development pacakge.  You should first
try to install these from your distribution; otherwise, download them
from the locations indicated above.


		   QUARRY INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

Untar the sources, `cd' to the directory where you unpacked Quarry and
invoke `configure' script:

	./configure [OPTIONS]

If configure does not succeed, please check whether your system
satisfies the requirements listed in the previous section.

Now invoke the `make' program:

	make

If it succeeded then you are done.  You should now have a binary named
`quarry' residing in the `src' directory.

If something went wrong, please have a look at the next section.

After this, you should install Quarry by typing

	make install

(you may need to login as super-user first).  After this, everything
should be set up just fine.

Note that Quarry binary can be placed anywhere.  This means that you
can run the copy in your build directory as well the installed one.
Also, if you rebuild Quarry, you don't need to reinstall it unless
files in `data/' subdirectory has changed or you intend to run the
installed binary, not the one in build directory.


		   BUILDING IN A SEPARATE DIRECTORY

Starting with version 0.1.13 Quarry supports building in a separate
directory.  It is not tested thoroughly, but should work just fine.

To build Quarry in a separate directory, proceed as usually:

	mkdir some-build-directory
	cd some-build-directory
	path/to/source/directory/configure
	make
	make install

Your build directory can be named whatever you like; the only
requirement is that it is placed outside the source directory.
`path/to/source/directory/configure' should be the path to the topmost
directory of the distribution (where this file is placed), not to
`src/'.


			INSTALLATION PROBLEMS

If Quarry won't configure or compile on your system and you are sure
that the system requirements are satisfied, I would certainly like to
fix that.  See file named README for details on how to report bugs.
Remember that the more information you provide, the more likely I will
fix the problem.

Before sending a bug report, please make sure that GTK+ 2.x is
installed: type

	pkg-config --modversion gtk+-2.0

If the library is installed, it will print the exact version.  If it
is not, `pkg-config' will tell you that or fail to run at all.  Don't
forget to include GTK+ version in your bug report.
