				QUARRY

Quarry is a universal board game interface program.  At present it
supports three games: Go, Amazons and Othello.  It is intended to be
useful for both users and developers of game engines (i.e. programs
that play board games).

Currently, Quarry is in very early stages of development.  It is not
really useful yet.  However, you are most welcome to have a try with
it.  I'm sure you will like at least the way it looks.


			     INSTALLATION

The usual `./configure; make' should build Quarry.  The only serious
requirement for Quarry is GTK+ 2.x library, everything else must be
present on a sane system.  See file INSTALL for details.


			    RUNNING QUARRY

In the absence of proper documentation, here are a few words about
what you can do with Quarry.

So far, it treats all command line parameters as names of SGF files to
open.  You can run it either without any parameters at all, or supply
one or more files to start with.

When you open an SGF file, either with a GTK+ file selector or from
command line, you will see a nice-looking board.  You can use cursor
keys for navigating through the files.

Right and Left go forward and backward in the game record (i.e. they
play and undo moves--actually SGF nodes--from it on board).  Instead
of browsing move at a time, you can use Page Down and Page Up to skip
ten moves at once.  Home and End go to the very beginning or the very
end of game record.

Down and Up switch to next or previous variation of the current move
(node), if any.  Variations can be thought of as alternative ways the
game can continue.  If there are variations containing moves, you will
see them as small semi-transparent stones (or queens, or pieces
depending on the game) on the board.  You can right-click on such a
"ghost" to switch to variation at its position.  It can be more
convenient than Down/Up when there are lots of variations all over the
board.

If keyboard focus slips from board to another control, you can use the
keys mentioned above with Alt modifier, e.g. Alt-Right or Alt-Home.

Finally, you can left-click your mouse on the board to play moves.
For Amazons this will require 3 clicks (select a queen, point where to
move it and point where to shoot arrow to). Note, that as you move
mouse pointer over the board, a semi-transparent "ghost" shows up or
disappears thus showing whether a move is legal or not.


			    REPORTING BUGS

Please don't report any bugs apart from those preventing you from
compiling Quarry (see file INSTALL, section "Installation problems").
Quarry is in so early stages of development that it contains myriads
of unimplemented things and certainly many real bugs.  Most are known
anyway, so reporting them will not help anything.


			COPYRIGHTS AND LICENSE

All files are copyrighted 2003, 2004 by Paul Pogonyshev except as
noted below.

All files are licensed under the GNU General Public License version 2
or (at your option) any later version except as noted below.  GNU GPL
version 2 may be found in the file COPYING.

* Files `src/gui-gtk/gtk-qhbox.c' and `src/gui-gtk/gtk-qvbox.c' are
  copyrighted 1995-1997 by Peter Mattis, Spencer Kimball and Josh
  MacDonald and copyrighted 2003, 2004 by Paul Pogonyshev.  They are
  licensed under GNU GPL version 2 or later too.

* File `data/textures/wood1.jpg' can be distributed freely (1).

* Files in the root directory of the distribution (this directory) are
  either licensed by different parties as free software or are in
  public domain.


(1) This file was taken from

	http://www.grsites.com/

    On the site there is a disclaimer with the following text:

	"Disclaimer: Background textures found on this site were not
	created by the webmaster. They were obtained from various
	sources on the internet that labeled them as "freely
	distributable". If you should discover images in this
	collection which you recognize as copyrighted, please email
	the webmaster immediately so that they may be removed."

    And in its "Terms of use" section, it is stated that

	"The background textures found on this site were not created
	by the webmaster, but were obtained from various sources on
	the internet that described these graphics as freeware. Some
	of the authors, however, might disapprove if their graphics
	were used, for example, as part of a commercial software
	package. Therefore, these graphics are best suited for
	personal use (i.e. on a personal web site.)"

    I'm very interested in a good texture that is either cleanly
    licensed in a non-restrictive way that allows redistribution and
    modification or is in public domain.  If you happen to have/know
    about such a texture that would fit Quarry's look, please send it
    or a link to it to <quarry@gna.org>.
